Actions: Add deprecationMessage metadata syntax field (#4945)
github/docs: content/actions/creating-actions/metadata-syntax-for-github-actions.md

**Optional** A `string` representing the default value. The default value is used when an input parameter isn't specified in a workflow file.

#### `inputs.<input_id>.deprecationMessage`

> **Optional** A `string` to be logged as warning if the input is set. You can notify users to not use this input parameter anymore by setting a deprecation warning for it.

Reviewer: Thanks for raising this PR 🎊  I've added a small suggestion here:

```suggestion
**Optional** If the input parameter is used, this `string` is logged as a warning message. You can use this warning to notify users that the input is deprecated and mention any alternatives.
```
